adj: Remove instructions for deploying Rancher server (#965)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/rancher-integration.md

## Deploying Rancher server

To use Rancher with Harvester, you can create a HA setup with three VMs in Harvester and install the Rancher server by following the [Helm CLI quick start](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/getting-started/quick-start-guides/deploy-rancher-manager/helm-cli).

> For production setup, please follow [Deploying Rancher Server document](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/getting-started/quick-start-guides/deploy-rancher-manager) to  deploy and provision Rancher and a Kubernetes cluster with the provider of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For production setups, you must install the Rancher server on a dedicated, high-availability Kubernetes cluster (with three or more nodes) deployed on infrastructure external to the Harvester cluster. Ensure that the cluster nodes meet the [software, hardware, and networking requirements](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/installation-requirements) outlined in the Rancher documentation. For more information, see [Deploying Rancher Server](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/getting-started/quick-start-guides/deploy-rancher-manager).

If you want to test the integration features, you can create a virtual machine in Harvester and then install the Rancher server using Helm. For more information, see the [Helm CLI Quick Start](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/getting-started/quick-start-guides/deploy-rancher-manager/helm-cli).
```

Reviewer: I discussed this subject with a few engineers. This draft contains the information I got from them.
